okay this is chicken lover 400 and I'm
just showing you how singer not peekin
that's how you about freaking letter but
how my bearded dragon zinger sleeps it's
really funny he's usually on his log but
today he decided that he would go scoot
over maxima okay side by all the Lincoln
Logs okay that's him just sitting there
in the corner sprawled out just sitting
there oh my goodness I know I'm going
yeah that's him he's usually over there
in the corner but it's really funny i
figured i should probably get some video
and show you guys but um i don't see how
that can be comfortable but it gave us
an opportunity it's I know it's harder
to tell for babies and almost impossible
but my mom saw two little bumps their
intentions or whatever you want to call
it by his tail so now I can I can't
leave what that would be right now so
I'm gonna have to look at my big dragon
buck and find out but right now i'll
give you the rundown on what happened to
pick him okay pekin i'm just going to
tell you that he died unexpectedly and i
took him city I took his body back to
the pet store and there's a student I
would call an expert there and he said
there's nothing that I did that he got
peeking got something at the pet store
and he was sick when we bought him
because he didn't act like a normal I
say I didn't know what normal was for a
very dragon but he didn't he was never
really good eater and he was pretty
small so he thinks it was something that
he got at the pet store because they let
the people handle the reptiles but more
news when my I'm not looking forward to
this at all but when my fish buddy when
he passes on hate thinking about that
but when he passes on
I'm probably going to get another
reptile and I what kind of want your
guys's opinion on that um I'm thinking
hermit Kurt I mean leopard gecko or
water dragon um it or hermit crab hermit
crabs you really quad I had some hermit
crabs lunch and I didn't really research
him and I found out later that I really
wasn't giving them proper care and so
I'm going to give it another shot so and
then he is shedding zinger he's shedding
but anyway i'm gonna make a tribute
video for pekin so don't think I'm just
like oh he died oh well I'll get another
one because that's not what I did I was
really devastated and I wasn't ready for
another bit of Dragon but it's like now
or never because you can't just keep
keep peakins body and for proof and just
keep it for a few weeks until you're
ready or years or whatever so I mean I
love zinger a lot and so I'm getting
used to it but yeah he's really cool and
sleeps funny but that's pretty much all
my updates ever on my chickens passed
away so that was really sad too few few
days before zinger all right before
peaking but there's a little dude and
I'm going to be comparing him to some
objects in another video but he's too
sleepy right now why don't you yeah
sleepy but um yeah he always turns black
when I walk in the room because he's
like okay you're here there's no other
purpose for you so hold me and I finally
got a bin for the crickets inside that
stupid cool container so annoying still
feed him in the same tank and everything
got a spray bottle for him because I
lost money the one anyway thanks for
watching this video its way past his
bedtime like an hour and 45 minutes past
his bedtime so say the night there oh
there's my sweetie okay this is chicken
liver 400 and if you like my videos at
all please please pass it on to other
people because I'm getting like no hits
understandably but you know I kind of
want some hits
that'd be great and if anybody kind of
um with a lot of hits for me meeting
like a couple hundred or a thousand or
so please just give a shout out to me in
one of your videos happy awesome because
I just possibly it's it's killing me I'm
dying slow painful anyway see you guys
later good bye